Prepare r2.2 (#188)
camaraproject/KnowYourCustomer: README.md

<a href="https://github.com/camaraproject/KnowYourCustomer" title="Repo Size"><img src="https://img.shields.io/github/repo-size/camaraproject/KnowYourCustomer?style=plastic"></a>
<a href="https://github.com/camaraproject/KnowYourCustomer/blob/main/LICENSE" title="License"><img src="https://img.shields.io/badge/License-Apache%202.0-green.svg?style=plastic"></a>
<a href="https://github.com/camaraproject/KnowYourCustomer/releases/latest" title="Latest Release"><img src="https://img.shields.io/github/release/camaraproject/KnowYourCustomer?style=plastic"></a>
<a href="https://github.com/camaraproject/Governance/blob/main/ProjectStructureAndRoles.md" title="Incubating API Repository"><img src="https://img.shields.io/badge/Incubating%20API%20Repository-green?style=plastic"></a>

# KnowYourCustomer

> Repository to describe, develop, document and test the KnowYourCustomer API family

Reviewer: To be more aligned with the template repository:

```suggestion
Incubating API Repository to evolve and maintain the definitions and documentation of KnowYourCustomer Service API(s)
```

> Repository to describe, develop, document and test the KnowYourCustomer API family

Author: done, thanks @jlurien @hdamker

* Note: Please be aware that the project will have updates to the main branch. There are no compatibility guarantees associated with code in any branch, including main, until a new release is created. For example, changes may be reverted before a release is created. For best results, use the latest available release

> * `NEW`:**The latest release of CAMARA Know Your customer is [r2.2](https://github.com/camaraproject/KnowYourCustomer/tree/r2.2)**. The Release Tag is [r2.2](https://github.com/camaraproject/KnowYourCustomer/releases/tag/r2.2).

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
* `NEW`:**The latest public release of CAMARA Know Your Customer is [r2.2](https://github.com/camaraproject/KnowYourCustomer/tree/r2.2)**. The Release Tag is [r2.2](https://github.com/camaraproject/KnowYourCustomer/releases/tag/r2.2).
```

    - kyc-fill-in: [YAML spec file](https://github.com/camaraproject/KnowYourCustomer/blob/r2.2/code/API_definitions/kyc-fill-in.yaml) | [View it on ReDoc](https://redocly.github.io/redoc/?url=https://raw.githubusercontent.com/camaraproject/KnowYourCustomer/r2.2/code/API_definitions/kyc-fill-in.yaml&nocors) | [View it on Swagger Editor](https://editor.swagger.io/?url=https://raw.githubusercontent.com/camaraproject/KnowYourCustomer/r2.2/code/API_definitions/kyc-fill-in.yaml&nocors)
    - kyc-age-verification: [YAML spec file](https://github.com/camaraproject/KnowYourCustomer/blob/r2.2/code/API_definitions/kyc-age-verification.yaml) | [View it on ReDoc](https://redocly.github.io/redoc/?url=https://raw.githubusercontent.com/camaraproject/KnowYourCustomer/r2.2/code/API_definitions/kyc-age-verification.yaml&nocors) | [View it on Swagger Editor](https://editor.swagger.io/?url=https://raw.githubusercontent.com/camaraproject/KnowYourCustomer/r2.2/code/API_definitions/kyc-age-verification.yaml&nocors)
  

> * **The latest pre-release of CAMARA Know Your customer is [r2.1](https://github.com/camaraproject/KnowYourCustomer/tree/r2.1)**. The Release Tag is [r2.1](https://github.com/camaraproject/KnowYourCustomer/releases/tag/r2.1).

Reviewer 2: Remove references to pre-release in the updated README
